The Joe Rogan experience. Yeah, you're in a jujitsu. I remember that.
I remember I ran into at the UFC. It was a couple of years ago. And you were,
you were like really energy jujitsu. Like you train hard.
I was super, super into it until COVID hit. And then when COVID hit,
I just, I got really,
really nervous because I have asthma and autoimmune. So,
um, I just, I,
I got really nervous about training so close with anybody that I took a break
from it, but I'm, I'm anxious to get back. I want, I can't wait to train.
It's a good humbler. That's a good thing to keep you balanced. No.
The best thing I found for, I mean, outside of meditation, for me,
it's two totally different things, but.
It's kind of different, but not that yeah, you're right. Yeah.
This jiu-jitsu people are some of the comms people I've ever met in my life.
They're all chill.
Totally. Especially when they get into like flow rolling,
like that is meditative. That is meditation. So.
I think even the hard sparring is meditated because you're forced to think only
of that thing. And when you think about that thing,
only it acts as like a cleansing. It blows all that.
And also it's so hard to do that. Regular stuff seems easy. Yeah.
Like regular life seems easier, easy.
Some pitches on top of you trying to call her truck.
Yeah. Yeah. But it's also like really empowering when you're color choking.
Like when your mouth, when you're mounting on someone and you're just, yeah.
It's, it's empowering. Yeah.
Yeah. When you, do you remember the first time you tapped somebody out?
Actually don't, that's.
Good. That means you probably tapped a bunch of people out.
Um, I, I I've tapped out a few people in my job.
What's really wild is like, when you surpass yourself, like you think,
I don't know. I just, I never thought that I'd get a blue belt.
Like I just never thought that I'd be a belt in anything I'm a singer, like,
and then hard work pays off. And it's just really cool when,
when you get to prove yourself wrong.
Well, if you get to a blue belt,
you're at purple belt and if you get to purple belt, you can get the black belt.
That's all it is. It's just, just keep, where are you training?
So I was training out of unbreakable. Yeah. And west Hollywood,
great gym. I love that gym so much.
Famous people can go there too. It's like for whatever reason, Snoop goes there,
Wiz Khalifa goes there, Stallone goes there.
So, um,
the reason why it's so chill is they have like a no like
cameras policy. It's kind of like the Soho house of, they call it.
And a lot of athletes go in and train there too. But, um,
but it's private and it's super chill. I used to train there and then I, yeah.
Um, then I started training at my apartment building that I was living in.
I got a house, so I just will train there.
So do you, um, have you gone to like other jiu-jitsu schools?
Like if you're on the road, have you ever done that? I have.
Yeah.
I've gone to random places throughout the country.
Um, but I couldn't tell you the name.
And there were also a lot of people in there. Right.
Um, limited to the amount of people or just a small amount of people that didn't
train with.
Yeah. Um, or, or just my trainer, you know, it's hard for me. I, not,
a lot of people wanted to let me train with other people and like,
uh, like, uh, outside of a private.
Lesson, did they worry about like people hurting.
They were worried about people.
Being like, and then you Sue the out of them. Right.
Or, or just not being able to walk on stage.
Right now, somebody heel hooks here and then, sorry, everybody.
I lost my ACL.
I have worn boots on stage too. So I'm,
I'm a very clumsy person and.
You've worn doubts, like broken foot boots. Is that what you mean? Yeah, really?
What happened to your foot?
So I broke my ankle and she thousand 12, I think,
or 2013.
And then I broke my foot in 2018 and
I still had to tour with a broken foot. Yeah. I just be dazzled.
It you'd be dazzled your boots.
And I did it myself, like in the dressing, in my hotel room in Ireland,
like the cheapest, like old jewels and hot glue.
Catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the Jerry on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan expenses.